README.md, before:

This is a Kotlin Multiplatform project targeting Android, iOS, Web, Desktop.

* `/composeApp` is for code that will be shared across your Compose Multiplatform applications.
  It contains several subfolders:
  - `commonMain` is for code that’s common for all targets.
  - Other folders are for Kotlin code that will be compiled for only the platform indicated in the folder name.
    For example, if you want to use Apple’s CoreCrypto for the iOS part of your Kotlin app,
    `iosMain` would be the right folder for such calls.

* `/iosApp` contains iOS applications. Even if you’re sharing your UI with Compose Multiplatform, 
  you need this entry point for your iOS app. This is also where you should add SwiftUI code for your project.


Learn more about [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/kotlin-multiplatform-dev/get-started.html),
[Compose Multiplatform](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform/#compose-multiplatform),
[Kotlin/Wasm](https://kotl.in/wasm/)…

We would appreciate your feedback on Compose/Web and Kotlin/Wasm in the public Slack channel [#compose-web](https://slack-chats.kotlinlang.org/c/compose-web).
If you face any issues, please report them on [YouTrack](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/newIssue?project=CMP).

You can open the web application by running the `:composeApp:wasmJsBrowserDevelopmentRun` Gradle task.

Commit message:

docs: Update README to enhance contribution guidelines and add screenshots section

README.md, after:

# Daily Challenge

A multiplatform app to browse and solve daily coding challenges. Built with Kotlin Multiplatform and Compose for Android, iOS, Desktop, and Web.

## Screenshots

<!-- Add your screenshots here -->
![Screenshot 1](screenshots/screen1.png)

---

## Welcome for Contribution

We welcome contributions! You can add new challenge questions in any area—Android, Kotlin, Compose, or even platform-specific topics. Help us grow the collection and make learning fun for everyone!

1. **Fork** the repository.
2. **Clone** your fork:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/daily-challenge.git
   ```
3. **Create a new branch** for your feature or fix:
   ```sh
   git checkout -b my-new-challenge
   ```
4. **Add your challenge/question** or make your changes.
5. **Commit** and **push** your changes:
   ```sh
   git add .
   git commit -m "Add new challenge: [title]"
   git push origin my-new-challenge
   ```
6. **Open a Pull Request** on GitHub and describe your contribution.

## 👤 Author

Created by **Nyi Nyi Zaw** (nyinyizaw.dev@gmail.com)
